First batch of adding descriptions to the documentation (#14825)
netdata/netdata: docs/guides/troubleshoot/troubleshooting-agent-with-cloud-connection.md

# Troubleshoot Agent-Cloud connectivity issues

> This page will guide you through on how to troubleshoot occurrences where the Agent is showing as offline after claiming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to troubleshoot the Netdata Agent showing as offline after claiming, so you can connect the Agent to Netdata Cloud.
```
